Update Shelly Gen1 minimum firmware versions (#30732)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/shelly.markdown

## Known issues and limitations

- Only supports firmware 1.9 and later for generation 1 devices
- Only supports firmware 1.0 and later for generation 2 devices

> - The following generation 1 devices only supported from firmware 1.11 and later (due to incompatible API):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following generation 1 devices only support firmware 1.11 and later (due to incompatible API):
```
